README.md, before:

# The Twisted Cork

## This is a website for The Twisted Cork, a restaurant, bar and music/entertainment venue.

### DESCRIPTION

This purposed of this website is to introduce you to a restaurant, bar and music and entertainment venue called The Twisted Cork.  The website informs you about the establishment and what it has to offer you as a customer or attendee.  You will be able to make reservations through this site, order food and drinks to-go, or just to browse the food and drink menu, and to see what type of entertainment such as trivia night, comedy open-mic night and karaoke night will be happening or which musical guests/bands will be performing during the current month.  

The website consists of three web pages.  Two of those pages are divided into subsections.  Each page will consist of a <footer> containing contact information.

### REQUIREMENTS

You just need to install node.js, express.

### PAGES

The website consists of three pages:

1. Home
2. Menu
3. Events

#### HOME

This page consists of three subsections:
  - About
  - Where
  - Contact

On this page you will learn about the establishment and the owners/operators.
You will be able to find out where the establishment is located and to make reservations for an event.
You will also be able to find information to contact the establishment via phone number, email address, or Facebook page.

#### MENU

This page consists of three subsections:

 - Eat
 - Drink
 - Contact

The "Eat" section will contain weekly specials and the food menu for ordering food items with a button to add that item to your cart.

The "Drink" section will contain happy hour times, drink specials, and drinks for to-go orders and drinks for in-house ordering along with a button to add that item to your cart.  Only drinks that can ben ordered to-go will have an "add" button.

There will be a sign-in button on the menu page which will open up a sign-in form.  The sign-in form will allow you
to log into your account with your email address and a password.  If you don't currently have an account there will be a link to allow you to open an account.  When this link is clicked a sign-up form will appear so you can enter the necessary information needed to open your account.

You will also be able to find information to contact the establishment via phone number, email address, or Facebook page.

There will be a sign-up/log-in section on this page so that you can create an account and provide payment information for ordering food and drink items to-go.

#### EVENTS

At this time the event page will consist two subsections:

 - Events
 - Contact

The Events section will contain all the events happening that week or month along with the times those events start.

You will also be able to find information to contact the establishment via phone number, email address, or Facebook page.

In the future, there will be a section where videos of different performers and events will be posted so that you can see what is happening at various events.

Commit message:

updated README.md, tried to get pages working on client side to no avail

README.md, after:

# The Twisted Cork

## This is a website for The Twisted Cork, a restaurant, bar and music/entertainment venue.

### DESCRIPTION

This purposed of this website is to introduce you to a restaurant, bar and music and entertainment venue called The Twisted Cork.  The website informs you about the establishment and what it has to offer you as a customer or attendee.  You will be able to make reservations through this site, order food and drinks to-go, or just to browse the food and drink menu, and to see what type of entertainment such as trivia night, comedy open-mic night and karaoke night will be happening or which musical guests/bands will be performing during the current month.  

The website consists of three web pages.  Two of those pages are divided into subsections.  Each page will consist of a <footer> containing contact information.

### REQUIREMENTS

You just need to install node.js, express.
Run node server.js.
Then ctrl+ click http://localhost:3000 to get to the home page of the project.

### PAGES

The website consists of three pages:

1. Home
2. Menu
3. Events

#### HOME

This page consists of three subsections:
  - About
  - Where
  - Contact

On this page you will learn about the establishment and the owners/operators.
You will be able to find out where the establishment is located and to make reservations for an event.
You will also be able to find information to contact the establishment via phone number, email address, or Facebook page.

#### MENU

This page consists of three subsections:

 - Eat
 - Drink
 - Contact

The "Eat" section will contain weekly specials and the food menu for ordering food items with a button to add that item to your cart.

The "Drink" section will contain happy hour times, drink specials, and drinks for to-go orders and drinks for in-house ordering along with a button to add that item to your cart.  Only drinks that can ben ordered to-go will have an "add" button.

Once you are on the menu page, you can select with menu items and the quantity you want. Those items and their quantities will display in the shopping cart with the total of the order.  Clicking on the order button will open up a login form.  The login form will allow you to log into your account with your email address and a password. Once the email and password are entered into the login form, click on the login button.  If your email and password are in the database holding those credentials then the the payment form will open (It was doing that this morning but now I can't get the payment form to open). If the email and password you enter are not in the database then the registration form will open (I also had that working this morning and now cannot get it to open).  Fill out this form and click the register button.  Your information will be stored in the database and the login form will reopen and you can put in the email and password that you entered on the registration form. 

You will also be able to find information to contact the establishment via phone number, email address, or Facebook page.

#### EVENTS

At this time the event page will consist two subsections:

 - Events
 - Contact

The Events section will contain all the events happening that week or month along with the times those events start.

You will also be able to find information to contact the establishment via phone number, email address, or Facebook page.

In the future, there will be a section where videos of different performers and events will be posted so that you can see what is happening at various events.
